I understand very well.
I've known this for a long time.
But I didn't expect...!
JUJUTSU KAISEN SEASON 2:
SHIBUYA INCIDENT
He has no cursed energy,
but he is so fast.
This guy might amount
to the best version of Senior Maki.
I need to concentrate.
Thanks to Senior Inumaki,
All normal and transfigured humans
have been evacuated.
I need to imagine...
...a scene where I defeat him.
Imagine...
...defeating him!
Rabbit Escape!
That is the aura of Sukuna's finger!
What's happening in Shibuya right now?!
He dashed here based on his intuition!
Dammit!
The cursed energy I have left
is not enough to expand my domain.
23:01 SHIBUYA STREAM
Kusakabe.
We don't need to investigate
inside the building, right?
I know it's inside the curtain,
but thanks to Toge, most people
have already been evacuated.
Let's go to Satoru.
How can we get to
the fifth floor underground?
Toge said that Satoru was really sealed.
We should hurry up.
You have mentioned Gojo all the time.
It's not like he's
the only person in the world!
Right now,
perhaps there's someone
trembling in a corner of Shibuya.
For example, a lower-grade
elementary school girl.
What if we can't find her?
We could be culprits
if she's deprived of her future.
T-That makes sense.
If you understand, check every building,
every floor, and even every toilet's lid.
Damn, I can't come up
with more excuses.
I am not going to
the fifth floor underground.
I just want to keep procrastinating.
Why? Because I don't want to die.
Once Panda knows the location,
he will rush to the fifth floor
underground alone.
I want to avoid that too.
Because I do not want
to be left alone here.
He is a Panda, but he's more like
a human than me.
But because he is a Panda,
he is not familiar with Shibuya.
He's totally unaware of how close
we are to the fifth floor underground.
I'll take a look over there.
Okay, check carefully.
Next, I'll pretend to be lost in the station.
This is the group that sealed Gojo...
Moreover, I've noticed
intermittent strong cursed energy.
How am I supposed to proceed?
Ridiculous.
Are you Jujutsu Sorcerers
from Jujutsu High?
Just surrender. If possible,
I don't want to kill sorcerers.
Panda.
There are three people behind us.
Probably more hiding.
I don't want to be killed either.
But I can't just surrender.
Why don't you introduce yourselves?
Make it long, if possible.
Dragging this out
will only disadvantage me!
I have to finish it quickly,
and I have no other choice.
My only advantage is...
22:51 CAPITAL EXPRESSWAY NO.3,
Principal, we still have cursed corpses here.
SHIBUYA LINE, SHIBUYA TOLL STATION
I can stay here alone.
You can't.
If the enemy finds this place,
you will become their primary target.
You can heal others with your reverse cursed
technique that even Satoru can't do.
If you hadn't come,
Ino and Ijichi would have already died.
Your accurate judgment is crucial too.
If I had waited for Nanami's signal,
it would have been too late.
And it's important
to let Nanami act freely.
Didn't you quit smoking?
It's because I recalled something
from my school days.
Miss Ieiri is not far away.
I must bear all the risks
of the battle by myself.
Keep the injuries at a controllable level,
and end this battle.
I limited his route.
His speed is like that
of Sukuna back then.
I can't rely on my eyes,
and I have to seize the opportunity.
If I miss the opportunity, I will die.
If I miss the opportunity...
...I will die!
Damn it...
My child...
He must be very talented.
When he reaches five or six, I can see
whether he possesses cursed techniques,
then I can sell him to you.
But of course, it depends on
how much you're willing to offer.
If it's an Inherited Technique,
I'll charge 8.
If something else, I'll charge 7.
If it's an Inherited Technique,
I'll give you 10.
Even though that place is a dump to me,
he should be able to get by
if he's talented.
It doesn't matter.
I'll leave Megumi to you.
Hey.
What's your name?
Fushiguro.
Not Zenin?
That's great.
What's with this guy?
Don't think about it.
I should find Miss Ieiri quickly.
No.
I have to check if Senior Maki
and the others are safe.
This is more like it!
This suits me best!
JUJUTSU KAISEN SEASON 2
You want to assist that guy?
You just want to use the opportunity
to reclaim Master Geto's body, right?
No.
The imposter's motive
and identity are still unclear.
But...
If the world falls into chaos,
it's the non-sorcerer monkeys
who will suffer the most.
Survival will necessitate
them being strong.
Monkeys will be phased out,
while sorcerers will increase.
Cursed Spirits will gradually disappear.
That is the world Master Geto wanted.
So I will assist him.
I no longer care about the physical body.
It's about carrying on a will.
Don't make it more complicated.
How can we stand by and watch the person
we love being used like a zombie?
Master Geto's story has come to an end.
I will not let anyone tarnish it.
You should start acting
like an adult, Nanako.
Adult or child...
We have nothing left to discuss
if you talk like that!
Stop, both of you.
The thing Suguru didn't want to see
was us hurting each other.
Neither of you are wrong.
Let's part ways here.
Do what we want to do.
Larue, what about you?
I will not join either side.
Just like Miguel,
I just wanted to help Suguru
become the king.
But... never forget.
We are family.
One day, somewhere,
we will gather again for a meal.
We've inherited Master Geto's will.
Since you are from the Jujutsu High,
there's no need for more words.
Are you going to surrender or not?
I hate indecisive men.
I'm Panda, so she's not talking about me.
She makes it so brief, damn it.
But then again,
they are just a mediocre group.
It's too easy.
I will just deal with it casually
and kill time.
New Shadow Style:
Evening Moon Sword Drawing.
So that's your answer, huh?
To thank you for the fingers,
just come at me.
If you can hit me once,
I'll work under you.
By then, I'll kill all
the humans in Shibuya,
except for one.
Is this all you've got?
- It's not over yet!
- Cursed spirit!
Geto, how many Sukuna's fingers
is my power equivalent to?
Optimistically, eight or nine.
I understand very well.
I've known this for a long time.
I knew the power gap was huge...
But I didn't expect...
The moonlight is so bright.
Thanks to that, I can clearly see
how miserable you are.
Come on, try harder.
Before I get tired,
I will keep playing with you.
This place is dangerous now. Run!
Where are you going?
Listen...!
Curse users, listen carefully.
I'm not sure why, but there are
special grades killing each other!
They're basically like
elephants dancing about on ants.
- Let's leave now!
- To be clear, we're the ants!
Maximum...
...Meteor!
New Shadow Style:
Quick Draw.
Panda.
Let's escape...
I won't allow that.
To all humans in the vicinity,
you are not allowed to move
until I say okay.
If anyone dares to defy,
they will be killed without mercy.
Not yet.
Okay.
Even Sukuna wouldn't
come out unscathed.
If you hit me.
Why don't you use your domain?
I know I can't defeat you
with a head-on domain.
Because that was
how you lost to Satoru Gojo?
Spoken like a true loser.
But I'm just getting excited.
Why don't you fight me
with your best skills?
Open.
Is that...
...fire?!
Aren't Sukuna's techniques
\"Dismantle\" and \"Cleave\"?
I see. I thought you knew about this.
But I supposed cursed spirits
probably wouldn't know.
Don't worry.
I won't resort to the trick
of revealing the technique.
Get ready.
Let's have a firepower battle.
I'm sorry, Hanami, Dagon.
Mahito is still alive.
Humans fear death.
But on the other end of death,
there are also \"humans\" standing.
To humans, death is a mirror.
And Mahito is that mirror.
Mahito can become even stronger.
That's also why you made him
the leader, right?
When we are reborn,
we will no longer be ourselves.
Even so, I really want
to meet you all again.
Because we are the real humans.
What?
You want to become a human?
I understand what you mean.
You don't want to become a human.
You just want to attain
the status of a human.
Even though I understand,
I still find it incredibly dull.
Crowds of humans,
crowds of curses.
It is the flock mentality
that measures one's value
that makes all beings weaker and weaker.
You should burn everything.
Regardless of gains, losses,
or plans, burn them all.
Until you reach the realm of Satoru Gojo,
and completely abandon
your future or race.
What you lack is this kind of \"hunger\"
that clings to your ideals.
Maybe that's how it is.
But, I had fun.
Humans, sorcerers, cursed spirits.
Compared to those I fought
a thousand years ago, you are not bad.
Be proud.
You are strong.
What is this?
Who knows.
I don't know either.
Who are you?
I have come to greet you.
Lord Sukuna.
Are you Uraume?
Long time no see.
23:07 SHIBUYA, DAOGENZAKA 109
Are you kidding?
Damn it...
Get up, you damn sorcerer!
EPISODE 40: THUNDERCLAP
I see videos of cola with mentos
on the internet. Is that real?
Why?
I think I accidentally had mentos
with cola as a child,
but I don't remember it,
so the video must be fake.
Okay, eat it.
Next Episode: \"Thunderbolt Part 2.\"
See you next week.